Update server-requirements.md (#3386)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbServer/plan-your-deployment/requirements-for-your-environment/server-requirements.md

There are some things you're going to need to install or configure for any server running Skype for Business Server 2015, and they're listed below. After that are additional requirements for specific server roles.
  
> [NOTE!] 
> Skype For Business server 2015 does not support .NET Framework 4.8.
  
 **All Servers:**
  
|**Software/Role**|**Details**|
|:-----|:-----|
|Windows PowerShell 3.0  <br/> |All Skype for Business Server servers need Windows PowerShell 3.0 installed.  <br/> • If you're doing the installation on Windows Server 2012 or Windows Server 2012 R2, you're set, because it's already there.  <br/> • If you're doing an upgrade on Windows Server 2008 R2, you can download the [Windows Management Framework 3.0](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=34595) to get it. <br/> **Tip:** Once you have the correct PowerShell on there, confirm that it's BuildVersion 6.2.9200.0 or later by going to the PowerShell prompt and typing `$PSVersionTable`. This should bring up the information you need.  <br/> |

> |Microsoft .NET Framework  <br/> |WCF services is a **Feature** that's installed as a Windows feature, under **Server Manager**, no downloads needed. <br/> • You need to make sure, when you install this feature, or if it's already installed and you're checking on it, that the **HTTP Activation** option is also checked and installed, like so: <br/> ![Screenshot showing HTTP Activation option under the .NET Framework 4.5 Features.](../../media/a4064fa0-fa49-4474-bd98-b9a79ff68f8b.png)Don't worry if you get an additional pop-up saying some other things need to be installed for HTTP Activation to be installed. That's normal, click OK and go ahead. If you don't get this pop-up, then assume those things are already installed, and go ahead.  <br/> Microsoft .NET Framework is usually installed when Windows Server 2012 R2 or Windows Server 2016 are installed. Skype for Business Server works with the following Microsoft .NET Framework versions:  <br/> • .NET 3.5  <br/> • .NET 4.5  <br/> • .NET 4.6.x  <br/> • .NET 4.7.1 (for Skype for Business Server CU 5 or later releases)  <br/>  .NET Framework 3.5 will likely be installed by default on your Windows Server 2008 R2 machine (definitely check to be sure before you upgrade), but it actually won't be on your Windows Server 2012/Windows Server 2012 R2 servers (for new installations). To add it in, you'll need access to your installation drive or media (the place your Windows Server was installed from, or where the install files are now). Then go ahead and install it as a feature from Server Manager, and point to the installation media (specifically the **\sources\sxs** folder) when asked for it, and continue on to install it. <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Microsoft .NET Framework  <br/> |WCF services is a **Feature** that's installed as a Windows feature, under **Server Manager**, no downloads needed. <br/> • You need to make sure, when you install this feature, or if it's already installed and you're checking on it, that the **HTTP Activation** option is also checked and installed, as follows: <br/> ![Screenshot showing HTTP Activation option under the .NET Framework 4.5 Features.](../../media/a4064fa0-fa49-4474-bd98-b9a79ff68f8b.png)Don't worry if you get an additional pop-up saying some other things need to be installed for HTTP Activation to be installed. That's normal, click OK and go ahead. If you don't get this pop-up, then assume those things are already installed, and go ahead.  <br/> Microsoft .NET Framework is usually installed when Windows Server 2012 R2 or Windows Server 2016 are installed. Skype for Business Server works with the following Microsoft .NET Framework versions:  <br/> • .NET 3.5  <br/> • .NET 4.5  <br/> • .NET 4.6.x  <br/> • .NET 4.7.1 (for Skype for Business Server CU 5 or later releases)  <br/>  .NET Framework 3.5 will likely be installed by default on your Windows Server 2008 R2 machine (definitely check to be sure before you upgrade), but it actually won't be on your Windows Server 2012/Windows Server 2012 R2 servers (for new installations). To add it in, you'll need access to your installation drive or media (the place your Windows Server was installed from, or where the install files are now). Then go ahead and install it as a feature from Server Manager, and point to the installation media (specifically the **\sources\sxs** folder) when asked for it, and continue on to install it. <br/> |
```
